The final presentations will be
NCE : August 9 - 10
NCW : August 11

Your final presentation will be submitted to NGA College by August 5th (Thursday) so they can be moved to high-side and pooled for presentations.

Presentation Length - Approximately 20 minutes.

The expected delivery is in-person for all NCE and NCW students.

The sessions will be on high-side VTC.
Remote students (Denver, Hawaii, Japan) will be set up to call, and we will drive the slides locally.

The final presentation strongly suggested flow is
    •	Self Introduction, possible Mentor Introduction
    •	Context / Background for your project
    •	Opportunity for Data Science to help within the Context/Background
    •	Data Details (details, but < 5min)
    •	Achievements of your project (your best highlights, outcomes) any combo of
        o	Visualization (potential dash board screen shots or data insights)
        o	ML Models (Predictive  or datamining)  
            	remember to contextualize predictive results as ReSub, Train/Test Split, or Cross Validation  -  "70/30 train test split"
        Cherry pick the good stuff.
    o	performance/insights/gains
        •	Future Steps or Opportunities
            Things I know now.  Can be - I know now that I would do it this way instead."

Other aspects:
Technical Report will be Due by August 14th, after presentations (last day of PSDS Contract).
Suggested composition of technical report:
    •	Presentation "Context/Backgorund + Opportunity for Data Science" in paragraph form.
    •	Deliverable 1 (completed April 2)
    •	Deliverabe 2 (complteed June 11)
    •	Presentation "Future Opportunites" in paragraph form.


Figures are encouraged.

How Dr. Scott does it:  read abstract, read figure captions, if it's interesting, read it, if not give it to a grad student.

word or PDF

MU paperwork for MS or grad Cert options will be handled in the weeks after Capstone completes.



Highlight TDOC
    if using it here, what extra info would you need?  Data ga-ps
    Simplifying is a good step (like taking E4-6 down to E)
    Clustering, make sure to normalize all columns and make sure all features have a difference.
    Get rid of weighting?